More concise uv example with docs (#12064)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/build-customization.rst

Install dependencies with ``uv``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Projects managed with `uv <https://github.com/astral-sh/uv/>`__, can install `uv` with asdf,
and then rely on it to set up the environment and install the python project and its dependencies
where readthedocs' own build steps expect it by setting the ``UV_PROJECT_ENVIRONMENT`` variable,

> usually reducing the time taken to install compared to pip.

Reviewer: This is correct, but I think it would be valuable to break up into a few smaller sentences.

> Projects managed with `uv <https://github.com/astral-sh/uv/>`__, can install `uv` with asdf,
> and then rely on it to set up the environment and install the python project and its dependencies
> where readthedocs' own build steps expect it by setting the ``UV_PROJECT_ENVIRONMENT`` variable,
> usually reducing the time taken to install compared to pip.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Projects managed with `uv <https://github.com/astral-sh/uv/>`__ can install `uv` with asdf,
and then rely on it to set up the environment and install the python project and its dependencies.
Read the Docs' own build steps expect it by setting the ``UV_PROJECT_ENVIRONMENT`` variable,
usually reducing the time taken to install compared to pip.
```

The following examples assumes a uv project as described in its
`projects concept <https://docs.astral.sh/uv/concepts/projects/>`__. As an introduction
refer to its `Working on projects guide <https://docs.astral.sh/uv/guides/projects/>`__.

> The ``doc`` dependency group which should is pulled in during the ``uv sync`` step (if additional

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ``docs`` dependency group which should is pulled in during the ``uv sync`` step (if additional
```

> The following examples assumes uv's project managed was used as described in its
> `projects concept <https://docs.astral.sh/uv/concepts/projects/>`__. As an introduction
> refer to its `Working on projects guide <https://docs.astral.sh/uv/guides/projects/>`__.
> The ``doc`` dependency group which should is pulled in during the ``uv sync`` step (if additional
> extras are required they can be added with the `--extra attribute <https://docs.astral.sh/uv/concepts/projects/sync/#syncing-optional-dependencies>`__).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following examples assumes a uv project as described in its
`projects concept <https://docs.astral.sh/uv/concepts/projects/>`__. As an introduction
refer to its `Working on projects guide <https://docs.astral.sh/uv/guides/projects/>`__.
The ``doc`` dependency group which should is pulled in during the ``uv sync`` step (if additional
extras are required they can be added with the `--extra attribute <https://docs.astral.sh/uv/concepts/projects/sync/#syncing-optional-dependencies>`__).
```

If a ``uv.lock`` file exists it is respected.

.. code-block:: yaml

   :caption: .readthedocs.yaml

   version: 2

   sphinx:
      configuration: docs/conf.py

   build:
      os: ubuntu-24.04
      tools:
         python: "3.13"
      jobs:

>          post_system_dependencies:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
         pre_create_environment:
```
